## foobar



### Synopsis


Access the Pachyderm API.

Environment variables:
  PACHD_ADDRESS=<host>:<port>, the pachd server to connect to (e.g. 127.0.0.1:30650).
  PACH_CONFIG=<path>, the path where pachctl will attempt to load your pach config.
  JAEGER_ENDPOINT=<host>:<port>, the Jaeger server to connect to, if PACH_ENABLE_TRACING is set
  PACH_ENABLE_TRACING={true,false}, If true, and JAEGER_ENDPOINT is set, attach a
    Jaeger trace to all outgoing RPCs


### Options

```
      --no-metrics           Don't report user metrics for this command
      --no-port-forwarding   Disable implicit port forwarding
  -v, --verbose              Output verbose logs
```

### SEE ALSO
* [foobar auth](foobar_auth.md)	 - Auth commands manage access to data in a Pachyderm cluster
* [foobar branch](foobar_branch.md)	 - Docs for branches.
* [foobar commit](foobar_commit.md)	 - Docs for commits.
* [foobar completion](foobar_completion.md)	 - Print or install the bash completion code.
* [foobar copy](foobar_copy.md)	 - Copy data between locations in the Pachyderm filesystem
* [foobar create](foobar_create.md)	 - Create a new instance of a Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar datum](foobar_datum.md)	 - Docs for datums.
* [foobar debug](foobar_debug.md)	 - Debug commands for analyzing a running cluster.
* [foobar delete](foobar_delete.md)	 - Delete an existing Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar deploy](foobar_deploy.md)	 - Deploy a Pachyderm cluster.
* [foobar diff](foobar_diff.md)	 - Show the differences between two Pachyderm resources.
* [foobar edit](foobar_edit.md)	 - Edit the value of an existing Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar enterprise](foobar_enterprise.md)	 - Enterprise commands enable Pachyderm Enterprise features
* [foobar extract](foobar_extract.md)	 - Extract Pachyderm state to stdout or an object store bucket.
* [foobar file](foobar_file.md)	 - Docs for files.
* [foobar finish](foobar_finish.md)	 - Finish a Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar flush](foobar_flush.md)	 - Wait for the side-effects of a Pachyderm resource to propagate.
* [foobar garbage-collect](foobar_garbage-collect.md)	 - Stop a running pipeline.
* [foobar get](foobar_get.md)	 - Get the raw data represented by a Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar glob](foobar_glob.md)	 - Print a list of Pachyderm resources matching a glob pattern.
* [foobar inspect](foobar_inspect.md)	 - Show detailed information about a Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar job](foobar_job.md)	 - Docs for jobs.
* [foobar list](foobar_list.md)	 - Print a list of Pachyderm resources of a specific type.
* [foobar logs](foobar_logs.md)	 - Return logs from a job.
* [foobar mount](foobar_mount.md)	 - Mount pfs locally. This command blocks.
* [foobar object](foobar_object.md)	 - Docs for objects.
* [foobar pipeline](foobar_pipeline.md)	 - Docs for pipelines.
* [foobar port-forward](foobar_port-forward.md)	 - Forward a port on the local machine to pachd. This command blocks.
* [foobar put](foobar_put.md)	 - Insert data into the Pachyderm filesystem.
* [foobar repo](foobar_repo.md)	 - Docs for repos.
* [foobar restart](foobar_restart.md)	 - Resume a stopped task.
* [foobar restore](foobar_restore.md)	 - Restore Pachyderm state from stdin or an object store.
* [foobar start](foobar_start.md)	 - Start a Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar stop](foobar_stop.md)	 - Cancel an ongoing task.
* [foobar subscribe](foobar_subscribe.md)	 - Wait for notifications of changes to a Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar tag](foobar_tag.md)	 - Docs for tags.
* [foobar undeploy](foobar_undeploy.md)	 - Tear down a deployed Pachyderm cluster.
* [foobar unmount](foobar_unmount.md)	 - Mount pfs locally. This command blocks.
* [foobar update](foobar_update.md)	 - Change the properties of an existing Pachyderm resource.
* [foobar update-dash](foobar_update-dash.md)	 - Update and redeploy the Pachyderm Dashboard at the latest compatible version.
* [foobar version](foobar_version.md)	 - Return version information.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 28-Mar-2019
